>>OK, so this is
the basics of what
they look like compared
to somebody that's
just walking down the street.
This is what they look like.
If you see it from the front,
you can only see three of them.
From the side, you
can see more, which
is interesting because--
let me get something here.
This is a Russian icon.
And you remember when you
see Jesus with those three
beams coming out the
side of the head?
A long time ago,
they could see those.
We can't very well right now.
And this was one from
my mommy in the 1800s.
Unfortunately, you can't see
it unless you get really close.
But the beams are
really good on this one
because they're actually,
approximately, the right size
and everything to go in there.
And I'll leave these out
here so you can see them.
And I'll leave
this one out here.
But the people who are
making these drawings
haven't seen them, like
this guy, for example.
There, you can see
the three beams.
But they're not that big.
You know, he didn't know.
And the disciples
never had those beams.
This is a drawing
of South Africa.
And it's not perfect.
But it gives you a
pretty good idea.
And if you see them
all, this is, kind of,
what they look like.
OK?
And I'll leave one of
those out there, too,
so you can look at
it a little better.
I wish I had some of
the kachina dolls.
Here at Hopi Land, the Hopis
combined the kachinas later on.
A Kachina is an
interdimensional being
coming from another world.
And if you look at a
lot of the kachina dolls
because not all the
Hopis have seen kachinas,
it's the same kind of thing
where the Christians were
trying to draw Jesus' beams.
But a lot of them, if you
see them, they're accurate.
And you'll see these beams
coming out in this whole thing.
And all ETs have these beams.
There might be a few exceptions,
very rare exceptions.
But they have to have this
level of consciousness,
or they're never going to
get here in the first place.
And the beams are tied,
if you look at animals,
these are the spots
where the horns come out.
They're real entry
points into the brain,
except we never see
this unicorn one.
We only imagine it.
Anyway, I'm going to
keep going on this
so that you could
get a good idea where
we're going with this.
>>[INAUDIBLE]
>>Pardon?
>>[INAUDIBLE]?
>>OK.
1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8.
That's the left and right side.
And then, there
is a possible one
here and coming off the chin.
The chin is a chakra point.
It's a very special
chakra point.
And nobody ever talks about it.
Yogi Bhajan talked about it.
He used it in Kundalini yoga.
But not very many people do.
These are antennae.
They receive images
from the heart.
This is the link between
the heart and the brain.
If you don't have these
things functioning,
you don't have a connection
between the heart
and the brain.
And that was the
fall, by the way.
You could see the
fall as falling
through dimensional levels.
But a real simple
more accurate way
is that we were in our heart,
and we moved to our brain.
And ascension, really, is
just moving back to our heart.
Really, that's all it is.
And the ideas of other
dimensions and parallel worlds
and all that are
just more mental
stuff associated with an
external mind function.
We can create anything we want.
We can make this a reality into
any way we want to make it.
The problem now is that
we don't know that.
And everything is just,
kind of, going unconsciously
in wherever's it's going.
It's not being driven in
a clean cut, clear away.
Anyway, I've got
to keep going here
to explain more about this.
I don't think I need
those things to do that.
There is a order that
these beams have to be.
When you reconstruct
them, there's an order
that they have to go in.
And that order is this
one is number one.
This set and this
set is number two.
And this set is number three.
And this set is number
four, except you
don't have to do this one.
It's related to tetrahedral
geometry and the way
that, very much like the GPS
system in the sky-- by the way,
Bob Dratch invented
the GPS system
that we're using in the sky
when he was 11 years old.
And he gave it to
Texas Instrument,
and they stole it from him.
They stole the whole idea.
But it's so simple.
It's just that if you
take a tetrahedron
and if you have three
satellites aiming
at one spot on the earth, you
could measure those differences
and get a very accurate place.
So we use a lot more than three.
We use a grid of them.
It's like 20 something of them.
And the more you use,
the more accurate it is.
But in this case here, once you
do 1, 2, and 3, 4 just happens.
You don't have to do it.
Now that I've said that, there
is, every once in awhile,
it's extremely rare.
I've only seen it once.
But because I've seen it
once, I know it can happen.
Every once in awhile,
it won't happen.
It's probably one--
I'm guessing--
maybe one in 10,000 people.
But if it doesn't
happen, then all you
do is you just manually do it.
That's all it is.
But it usually will happen.
It's the same when the GPS.
If you know three points,
you know the fourth.
So we only have to do three.
OK, so that's the order.
You begin with this one.
Then, you come to
the left right.
the third eye one.
And then, this one will
happen automatically.
They also have a polarity
associated with them.
And this one is positive.
And the opposite is negative.
This one's positive.
This one is negative.
And this one is positive.
And this one is negative.
And the one on the left,
the left side, is positive.
And the one on the
right side is negative.
So this side is positive.
This side is negative.
In a minute, you're going to
see it's a really good thing it
happens to be that way.
Otherwise, it would be
really hard to do this.
And just one more little thing.
Just so you know,
these things light up.
And I mean they
get really bright.
And the light is coming
from the pineal chakra out.
Comes out this way but
there's also a flow in.
It's coming both ways.
But the light, as it
comes in, is spiraling.
It's rotating.
Same way with your
breathing tube.
Light coming down
is rotating one way.
Coming up, it's
rotating the other way.
And when they meet,
they do that thing.
So all of these
things are rotating.
The light itself is doing this.
And when they are fully
activated, there is a sphere.
Now this does not happen and
it will not happen today.
Well, it probably
won't happen today.
But when the heart is
completely linked back
to the brain the way it
was 13,000 years ago,
a sphere appears.
Now this sphere is not going
to fit perfectly in here.
But it gives you a
pretty good idea.
They are literally on the
surface of that sphere.
And that's why there's a
slight curve that's on there.
And this sphere is perfect.
It's perfect.
But it doesn't appear
until these other things
begin to happen that
we're going to talk about.
Before you get out
of here, you're
going to understand
this completely.
We're not going to leave
anything out or hide
anything or anything.
This takes a while
because it's complicated.
But interesting that,
once you understand this,
to actually do it
is not that hard.
It's really easy.
It's much easier.
To do than the Merkaba This
is simple once you get it.
It just, kind of, happens.
Once you know how to set up one
set of beams, the rest of them
are all the same thing
over, and over, and over.
Now I'm going to talk
about the inside, what's
going on inside the brain.
This is what
happens as it leaves
the surface of the skull.
It's these pure, white,
clean beams of light.
But inside, they come like this.
And they curve.
And they're very
organic in nature.
They're very much
like electricity.
And they're moving all the time.
They're wiggling.
You know those
little spheres you
can buy with electrical
things and [INAUDIBLE] things
going zoom, up to the thing?
They look kind of like that.
They're constantly
changing and moving.
And they come like this.
They're never the same.
And this is true with the
left and right one, too.
And they're constantly
moving all the time.
I think I've got
it all on there.
This is what would be
if the heart was fully
connected with this.
But that's not how it
is for most people.
Not only do they look like
this but the inside-- OK,
this is pineal gland.
The beams as they go--
oh, wait a minute.
I got to put the skull in there.
And beams, as they come in, what
they do is they go like this.
They come down, and
they just go nowhere.
And the other one
will come over here.
And it will maybe go up here.
And this one, maybe,
will come down here.
They avoid like crazy that spot.
They will not touch it.
I've had a lot of
theories of all
of this in my life
wondering what happened
and why this took place.
I know that in China when they
were studying the psyche case,
this is the Chinese government
and their scientific community
were studying the
super psychic children.
They studied them
for about 10 years.
And then, they got freaked out
by them, completely freaked out
and then switched.
They went into fear and
switched the other way
and started arresting
them all and doing
all kinds of weird stuff.
Arresting the Daoist
and the Qigong masters.
And they're going crazy now.
Three of these kids
are more powerful
than the entire Chinese
army, and they know it.
And now that they know it,
they're trying to stop it.
But they can't really.
But it's what's happening.
But while they
were studying them,
they discovered something,
which was kind of important.
They found that they
usually came in,
they became aware of
their psychic abilities,
when they were about
five or six years old.
Before that, nothing.
And then, when they
got to puberty, then
they just kept getting
better and better and better
and better.
But when they got to puberty,
one of two things happened.
Either they just kept getting
better and better and better,
or it just shut off.
And they couldn't do it anymore.
And when they studied
them, the Chinese
couldn't figure out why
this thing happened.
And it happened.
But what they did find
out is the percentage.
It happened with
about 80% of the kids.
They couldn't do it anymore
when they hit puberty.
And this other 20%
just kept going
and became super human beings.
And so I remembered
that percentage
and started looking around.
And I found out in
the United States
we have discovered through
our scientific community
that when teenagers go
through puberty, 80% of them
grow a calcium shield
around their pineal gland.
And calcium is an insulator.
It's a soft calcium, kind of
like arthritis type calcium.
And it just blocks the ability
to be able to do this work.
You guys in here,
there's probably nobody.
You guys probably don't
have a calcium shield
or you wouldn't be
here now anyway.
And so now-- well, first
of all, before I say now,
what I think is going on,
just a guess, I don't know.
It's not even a theory.
It's more of a guess.
we have put a lot of
fear into our children
about psychic abilities.
You know, I mean like,
we burn people a stake.
We've done everything.
A lot of the world thinks
it's evil, especially
the Christians, which I never
could understand because here's
Jesus doing all these things.
He's bringing people back
from the dead and all kinds
of stuff.
And then, Jesus says
to the Christians,
all these things I'm doing,
you can even do greater things.
He's giving them
permission saying OK.
And yet, at the same time,
if somebody floats off
the ground or something like
that, then it's from the devil.
I don't get that.
But nevertheless, the fear
has been put out there.
And I really think that
the children are saying,
OK, mommy and daddy,
I will be a good kid.
And I will not do
psychic ability.
Seal it up.
And that may be an
answer, or maybe
it's only part of an answer.
But it's interesting that the
percentages are the same here
in the United States
as they are in China.
So I don't know that
[? for naught. ?]
But almost everybody
walking around now
has these things
non-functioning.
And these things are not
touching the pineal gland
or pineal chakra
rather, in this case.
The gland is the one
that gets sealed.
But it's the chakra
that works off of it.
And these things are
connecting to the chakra
and not to the gland,
just to be clear.
And so your job now is to get
these back into straight beams
and reconnect this.
And if you can do that, you
will reestablish the potential
of reconnecting to your heart.
So we're going to do this
today and get you to do it.
And then, tomorrow and
the next day, we're
going to go back
through these procedures
to reconnect your heart
back to the brain.
And once that
happens, you're going
to become incredibly psychic.
And if you use it in
the way I suggest,
that power will be used only for
good and not for good and bad.
It'll be not polarized.
The intention will only go
to help life everywhere.
So that's our job now is
to reconnect these sayings,
and get these beams straight.
>>When we reconnect it,
it connects to the land
or still to the chakra?
>>No.
You mean these beams?
>>Yeah.
>>They connect to the
chakra, not to the gland.
>>Even after the
activity that we will do?
>>Yes.
The gland is only
the source of power.
It's like this is
your heart chakra.
Here's your heart over here.
There's a direct
connection between the two.
But they're very different.
And they're both important.
I mean, this is the
source of this chakra.
And there's some
things you would
do with the chakra and some
things you would do a heart.
And we'll talk about
that when we get to it.
But in this case here,
definitely, you're
connecting to the
chakra, not the gland.
They're very, very close
together but not very
far apart.
>>Thank you.
>>OK.
Now I'm going to
give you instructions
on how to redo this.
How to go from the fuzzy
little beams to this.
And then, tomorrow we're
going to come back to this
and add a whole bunch more
stuff on here that will,
at that point,
it'll become clear.
And you'll understand
why we're doing that.
But right now, we're just
getting these beams out.
And we're moving backwards,
which is not really logical.
We're going from a Merkaba
field, which that's out here.
And the Merkaba
field is intimately
connected to these beams
and to this sphere.
This sphere here is intimately
connected at this point
right here to the Leonardo
sphere that's in your Merkaba.
There is a very direct
relationship between those two
but will slowly work so
that it becomes clear where
we're going with all of this.
So here's what you do.
And I'm going to give you the
instructions exactly the way
the Mayans and the
[? Cohunes ?] told
me, which is how to do
it on another person
because the way they
teach you is how they're
going to do it to their children
when they reach puberty.
And so I'm going to give
you the same instructions.
But you are going to have
to apply that to yourself.
Initially, I had two
people come together.
And one would do each other one.
The only thing is that, if
you don't do this right,
you give that other person
an unbelievable headache.
It's a migraine headache
of major proportions.
And I did it a few times after
you have about half the room
mad at the other half the room.
I figured no more of that.
If you may give
yourself a headache,
you have to do it yourself
so you don't blame anybody.
So I'm going to show you how
to do it on someone else.
But at the same time, you're
going to apply it to yourself.
And you'll see it's
not that hard to do.
So here's what you do.
You start with number one,
this one, the unicorn one.
If you want to know
where that location is,
take the tip of your nose
and the tip of your chin.
Move it up and rock over.
That point right there where
I'm in right now is this one.
OK?
That's the third eye.
And you're going to need
to know where that point is
next or very soon.
If you move that thing
up to here and rock down,
that will show you
where the uniform one
is, which is way up here.
And if you do it
one more time, it'll
show you where that one is.
So these three will show you
that all three of those points
are tied to the pineal chakra.
We're going to come in with
other glands and things
here later.
There's a lot of
other stuff in here
that all has to be
operating at the same time.
It's a much more
complex pattern.
I just want to get these
beams out right now.
OK, so now let you know
where this place is
where you do that, I want to
show you where this place is.
And that is you have a little
bump on the back of your head
back here.
And then, directly below it,
there's a little soft spot.
There's probably a name for it.
I don't know what it is.
What's it called?
>>Occiput.
>>Obsee?
>>Obseeto?
>>Occiput.
Occiput.
>>You all sound like you're
saying different words to me.
>>Occiput.
>>Occiput?
>>Yeah.
That's what she was saying, yes.
>>I don't think
that-- is that right?
>>Yeah.
That's what [INAUDIBLE] says.
>>Is that right?
Oh, he says yes.
This guy knows, I'm sure.
OK, occiput.
So that's a chakra point.
That's a major chakra point.
>>[INAUDIBLE]
>>You mean I have to
lift up my pony tail?
[LAUGHTER]
>>It's right here.
>>[INAUDIBLE]
>>Don't look.
[LAUGHTER]
>>OK, anyway.
So now you know where
these come out of.
And so, here's the procedure.
This is what you do.
Again, this is on somebody else.
But you do the same thing.
OK, you got a fuzzy
thing here, right.
You just reach up
with both hands.
You have to come around to
the left side of the body.
That's why I have
it facing this way.
You can't go around to
the right side of the body
if you're doing it
on somebody else.
It won't work, and I'll
explain why in just a moment.
You have to come around
to the right side,
excuse me, the left
side of the body.
The left side of the body.
And the reason is because
this beam coming out of here
has a positive charge.
And this one has
a negative charge.
And you got to use your hands.
And your left hand
has a negative charge.
And your right hand
has a positive charge.
And so when you couple
over the top of these,
the negative hand couples
with the positive.
And the positive couples
with the negative.
And it works.
It will not work if you try
it the other way around.
And so you come around here.
So the first thing you do is you
have this fuzzy little thing.
And you have a little
fuzzy thing here.
And by the way, this
one in the front
is almost always bigger
than this one back here.
This one is always
the weakest one.
Not always.
There's always exceptions.
But usually, this one here
is just a little tiny nub.
And this one's bigger.
So you get these clouds
that are out there.
And you have to see
them, unfortunately.
You don't have to
see them on yourself.
But if you're working
on somebody else,
you have to see them.
And for one thing, for
thousands of years,
they've kind of moved around.
And they may not be coming
directly out of those points.
They maybe up high.
And this one might be low.
This one might be off center.
And maybe concussions or things
that have happened over time.
I don't know.
But you just grab those things.
And you grab this
one and this one.
And with your
intention, you tell
the body, this other person or
yourself, to go into a beam.
But what happens is, even though
you see this big, fuzzy thing,
and you grab it, and you
tell it to go into a beam,
it will [SNAP] just
like that, instantly.
But the beam will usually
only be about this long.
And maybe this one
will be an inch.
And this is a half
an inch or something.
It'll be really short.
When it condenses down into the
beam, there's not much there.
And you can tell by
how long they are
and how much power the
pineal chakra is putting out.
And so you're holding
them just like handlebars,
like you're holding on the
handlebars of a motorcycle
or something.
You're holding them here.
And you tell them
to go into a beam.
And they will be
short little things
where you can sense or
feel which one is stronger
and which one is weaker.
You go to the weaker of the two.
And you tell just
that one to put out
more energy you get longer.
When you're talking to another
body, you can use words.
The body will hear you.
But you can talk
inside of your head.
The body will hear you just
as well, maybe even better.
And so you could just tell
it to put out more energy.
And it will do what you say.
But it'll usually go like
this a little tiny bit more
because the body hasn't
done this in a long time.
And to it, it's putting
out a lot more energy.
But you have to say, no, more.
Just keep going.
And the body sometimes, kind
of, freaks out over this.
The person itself is, usually,
going through something
sometimes.
But you're not going to
pull it all the way out.
You're going to just make
it as wide as your palm.
You just want it to
do a lot more energy
than what it's been doing.
And so you just
keep telling it, no,
more, more more,
and more until that
beam starts to extend
out from the palm.
And then, you can just stop.
And when it does,
then you switch
to the more powerful one.
And you tell it to do it.
And usually, you might have to
tell it 10 times to keep going.
More.
No, more.
And the little bodies going,
you got to be kidding.
This is a lot of energy.
And you get it out to
approximately this long
in both hands.
And then, that's
all you gotta do.
It doesn't have to be
perfect, or super precise,
or anything else like that.
You just get approximately
about the width of your hands.
And then, you drop your hands.
And you put your chakra points
directly over those points
right over the top
of those points.
So if you're doing
it on your own hand,
your left hand
goes in the front.
And your right hand
goes on the back.
Now you can do this
without your hands
when you're doing
it to yourself.
You can just do it
sitting and do all of it
without a-- you're communicating
with your own body.
It's very clear.
But some people
really need to feel,
and they need to
use their hands.
So you put your hands over
the top of your chakra,
over that chakra, et cetera.
Bam.
But then, the next
thing you do, and this
is hard to explain--
hopefully, you
can pick this up--
you close your eyes.
You can see inside the
body with your eyes closed.
If you open them up, you see
the surface or what's around it.
But you can't see
inside the body.
And if you close your eyes
and with your intention,
you look to see
the pineal chakra.
If you do, it's usually,
for most people,
it shows up as red.
And some people, it
shows up as black.
For you, it might be turquoise.
Who knows.
But majority of people,
it's usually red or black.
And you see this.
Once you see that,
the next thing
is forget about all
these other beams.
You're only looking
at this one now.
You look to see these
two little beams that
are wiggling around there.
And so you the chakra point.
And you see these little
beams going like this.
And now with you're
holding your hands
over that with
your intention, you
get those beams to
connect to that.
And they don't want to do it.
They will fight you.
You'll get them, and they're
just like going, (BABY VOICE)
no, I won't do that.
And you have to, (DEEP
VOICE) yes, you will.
And you got to keep
working with them.
And a lot of times,
they'll connect.
And it'll do it for, like,
two seconds and go ha ha ha.
And they'll break apart
and start going away.
They're doing a no no.
And so you just keep doing it
until you get them to connect.
And then, you got
to hold it there
for-- it depends on the person
but-- at least a minute,
and maybe even two minutes,
until you can see that they're
not going to break apart.
And then, when you
feel that they're not
going to break apart and
you've got them there, then
with your intention, you pull
the beams out from the palms.
You pull them out.
And then will follow
right behind your hands
as you go and go
beyond the sphere
because once they get to where
this sphere is, they will stop.
And so you go out this far out.
Say, you can go past
it a few inches.
Won't matter.
Wouldn't matter if
you went that far out.
Just have to get
it out farther than
one hand length
above away from this.
And then, the one hand
length is this one for sure.
And then, it depends on
the shape of the head.
If they have to
conform to the sphere,
then it's formed through that.
So you pull them out.
They'll come out.
There's no sphere here now.
There's just these to
beams sitting there.
And when you get them
out, the next thing you do
is you shift your attention to
the very ends of these things.
And they're pulsing.
They're throbbing.
I haven't done
the geometry work.
But I'm about 99.999999%
certain that it's
connected to the heartbeat
because these beams are
directly connected to the heart.
And I've learned some
things about this.
You can actually
tell when someone's
going to have a heart attack.
You can tell, probably,
at least a week in advance
for sure if they're going
to have a heart attack when
they're going to
because this beam here
will rotate into this beam.
And there won't be
one here at all.
It'll look like one beam
here, and there's really two.
And if you try to separate
them and pull them back,
the moment you let go,
like, they're spring loaded.
They'll go right back again.
And it's a long story how
I found out about this.
But it happens every time.
If you could get these beams up
under a computer screen, which
you can do because they're
electromagnetic in nature,
you would be able to
just take a photograph
and know if someone's about
to have a heart attack.
So once you've pulled
them out and you
got to feel this pulsing and,
for me, I feel it in the palms.
Well what it is is they're
pulsing like a ping pong match.
Pulse.
Back and forth.
You don't want that.
Is there anybody here that
knows [? Jensen ?] Jitsu?
A little bit?
>>No, but I know that trick
of feeling simultaneous.
>>Yeah.
They have patterns for
every disease or problem
that you can think of.
And you'll pick a point here
and maybe a point over here.
And they're throbbing
back and forth.
Dom, dom, dom, dom.
And you have to, with intention,
get them to stop doing that
and go pulsing the same.
And as soon as they
pulse the same,
then you go to another
set of patterns
and get those to pulse the same.
And you keep going.
And then, whatever the person's
problem is just disappears.
It's very good.
But this is very similar.
With your intention, you've got
to get them to pulse the same.
And so what happens is you're
putting your intention in there
to pulse the same,
pulse the same.
And you might go for 30 seconds.
Nothing happens.
And then, it goes through
a moment of chaos.
And the pulsing, which was going
pulse, pulse, pulse, pulse,
pulse, pulse.
And then it goes pulse,
p-p-p-pulse and it kind of goes
crazy for a moment.
Then, pulse, pulse.
They're pulsing the same.
And as soon as they are,
you count the pulses.
One, two, three, four.
The Mayans say you wait
until you get 20 pulses.
I don't know if it's because
of their 2013 systems and all
that other stuff.
But they say 20
pulses will stabilize.
I go on.
I go to like 25 to make sure.
But you have to do,
at least, 20 pulses.
And when you feel 20
pulses or more on there,
you can drop your hands.
And this beam will
be connected in here.
And it'll just stay there.
And then, you go around to
the back of the person next
to get to the side beams
because that's number two.
And you get to these
beams on the side.
Now where it is, again,
it's not the temples.
But if you go right to where
your ear comes to your head,
it's just a little higher and,
maybe, just a little tiny bit
in front.
It's right about there.
You can, kind of, feel it.
It goes all the way through
into the pineal chakra.
And that's where they come out.
And so you go behind the person.
And you repeat
what you just said.
You see the little fuzzy things.
If they're off center,
you just pull them back
with your intention to
get them where they are.
Feel which is weaker.
Get that weaker one.
Talk to the body.
Get it to come out there.
Do the other one out to there.
Put your hands on the
palms on a person's head
or on your own head
if you're doing it.
And look inside.
And you can see
inside your own head
looking with your eyes closed.
And you'll see
the pineal chakra.
You'll see the little beams.
You've got to get
them to connect.
Once they're connected,
then you pull the beams out
on either side.
It's convenient
because your left hand
happens to be where
the positive beam is.
Otherwise, you'd have to be
doing this kind of stuff,
which is hard.
And then, you pull them out.
And you do the
pulsing thing again.
They'll be going back and forth.
You gotta stop that
with your intention.
Get it to pulse the same.
Count 20 or more.
And then, you can drop that one.
Then, you come to your
third eye, this level
one running across here.
And you do exactly
the same thing.
And then, this one will
happen automatically.
And then, you should
not have to do this one.
If you have to do this one, it's
a little awkward in the sense
that you have to do it here.
But you can only reach this
from at the peritoneum.
There's no other way.
Yeah, it's a long ways in.
But to reach up through
the tube is the only way
you can get to this
point because it's
in the middle of your throat.
But it's not likely
that you'll even
see anybody in your lifetime
that has to do that.
But just so you know, you can't
reach this point from here.
You have to reach it all
the way from the breathing
tube at the perineum.
So you get to know that
person really well.
[LAUGHTER]
Let's see.
Once these are out and running,
what happens in actual practice
when you do it to someone
else is, a lot of times,
they'll run for about 10
or 15 minutes and collapse.
And you'll have to
do it all over again.
Usually, the second
time will hold.
And at which point, it
will go for quite awhile.
I don't really know how long.
A long time.
But really, this system
to get these out,
you only have to do it about
two weeks, every day for about
two weeks, and it's permanent.
It won't go away after that.
But it doesn't do
a lot of function.
Even though it's out
there and running,
it's very much like
the Merkaba field.
The Merkaba field
doesn't do much
until everything is
lined up at once,
and we're going backwards.
So you got your Merkaba field.
Now you're going to have
your beams of light set up.
There will be no
sphere around i yet.
And this sphere,
by the way, glows.
It produces a halo around the
body that you can photograph.
And science has done this.
Dr. James Heart has
discovered that once anybody
goes into this
thing and does this,
their heads actually
glows in the dark.
And they can see them.
They can photograph it.
That's why with Jesus, they
put that thing around him.
Or with Buddha, too.
Buddha had the same
thing going on.
But they didn't see
the beams with him.
But he had his
beams going for sure
or he wouldn't have
been where he was.
It's coming.
>>You didn't say what is the
weak one in the other two.
You said we need to
start with the weak one.
>>Yeah, you on.
That's the same procedure
that we did in this one
you do on the left,
right, or the front, back,
or any of them.
The procedure is identical
on each one of them.
So you always start with the
weaker one to bring it out.
Then, you go over to the
stronger one to bring it out.
>>So there's no weaker one?
I need to feel it?
Or is it always one side?
>>Well I can feel it.
If you can't feel
it, then guess.
It's not essential.
You can start with
the stronger one.
But if you pull the
stronger one out first,
it's harder to pull
out the weaker one.
It's better to pull out the
weaker one first, and then
the stronger one.
And it will only work if
you do it in this sequence?
First, this one [INAUDIBLE].
>>In this order?
>>Yeah.
>>Both the Kahunas
and the Mayans
are really adamant about that.
Yeah, this is the order and
not to go in any other order.
I've never even tried any
of the-- I just trust them.
And so I've never even
tried it in any other order.
I'm not trying to develop
a new science or anything.
You know, if you say, so, OK.
And that's what they told me is
you got to do it in this order.
I'm strong about that because
when the Kahunas knew exactly
the same thing and did exactly
the same order, I said,
OK, OK, OK.
I believe you guys.
>>Is it right to say
the pulse that you
feel on your hands should be
equal to a person's heart rate?
>>I believe you will find
that it is directly connected
to the pulsing of the heart.
>>So that means
that we can actually
check the exact pulse
and the rate of that?
>>Yeah, you should be able to.
If you wanted to experiment,
you should be able to do that.
>>Meaning that we done
it correctly then.
>>Huh?
You don't what?
>>Does that mean that we've done
it correctly, the rate we feel
and the exact rate
of the person?
>>Well.
>>If they are equal.
>>Yeah.
I mean, yes, they're
pulsing at the same time.
But I don't think that's going
to help you to get these two
things to pulse the
same because you're
going to feel in one
hand a pulse, and then
in the other hand a pulse.
And you've got to get them so
they're pulsing simultaneously.
>>OK, [INAUDIBLE].
>>Yeah, and it doesn't matter
if you've linked it to the heart
or not, at this point.
But I'm almost certain for
sure that that's what it is.
I've learned too much
about the relationship
between this and the heart.
And they're just
intimately connected.
I was in Mexico one time.
And I used to actually find
people in the audience that had
really bad migraine headaches.
And I would work on them
because, when you do this,
the migraine goes away.
If you have migraines
all the time,
you're in luck
because if you do this
and you establish these
things, more than likely,
you're going to find that your
migraines stop, unless it's
caused by a physiological
thing, something like a tumor
or something.
But if it has any emotional
base in it at all,
this is going to go away.
They just stop, as long
as you keep the beams out.
In fact, that's how
I found out because I
was doing psychic
work for the Mayans
at-- where was I--
[? Palankay ?].
And when I got done
after a day's work
of doing this psychic work,
my little psychic muscle
was hurting.
And I had a headache.
And I never get
headaches, never.
Maybe 15 years, or 20 years or
something, I get a little one.
But I don't get headaches.
And I just had this
banging headache.
And that's how they stopped it.
They made me do this and
headache went away instantly.
And so I was using people.
And I would get somebody that
had a really bad headache.
And they'd come up here.
And I'd pull all their beams
out and stuff like that.
And every single time,
that person would go,
wow, I feel good.
I don't have a problem
anymore, you know.
And so I would use them as
biofeedback to the group.
But one time, I was in Mexico
and I asked for somebody.
And this guy jumped up, ran,
and slid on the floor right
in front of me.
He say's, you got to
do me, I can't see.
[LAUGHTER]
>>And i just said, OK, OK, OK.
And so I put him in a
chair and did this thing.
But as soon as I, when
I started with him,
he was missing this one.
And I intuited it was in here.
And I found it.
And I got it and moved
it back up to here.
And then, the moment I would
let go of it, it would go back.
And I couldn't get it to
go up to that position.
Every time I'd let go,
it would go right back.
And five, six, seven
times it would do that.
And finally, I had to
tell him, I'm sorry,
but I don't know
what's going on.
And I don't know how
to deal with this.
So I told him, I can't help you.
I'm sorry.
I don't know what's going on.
When he left and when
there was a break,
I went into the angels,
and I said, what was that?
What was happening?
And that's when they
said, well, he's
going to have a heart
attack in about two days.
And that is one of the signs.
And then, they told
me I had to tell him,
which I don't like that.
So I went to him and
I said, you know--
and he was only 35 years old--
and I said to him, I'm sorry,
but they're telling
me that you're
going to have a heart
attack very soon.
And he went, me?
I'm fine.
I don't have a
problem with that.
And I said, well, that's
what they told me.
And then I said,
if it does happen,
you need to work
with these beams
and reconnect all this stuff.
I told him what to do.
Two days later, he had a heart
attack, went to the hospital,
and he did exactly
what I told him to do.
That was 15 years ago, probably,
or something like that.
And he's fine now.
But that was my first
indication that there
was a direct relationship
between these beams
and the heart.
Now I know for sure
there is on other levels.
And so anyway, I
hope that helps.
So does everybody
understand how to do this?
I'll put up questions.
But we have to follow
the microphone.
>>Yes, I have one question.
It is OK to do this
to the children?
>>Yeah, it's OK.
It's good for them.
They like it.
>>Oh because one of
your books you said
also mentioning [INAUDIBLE].
And he does, pretty much,
the same on the video that he
[INAUDIBLE].
>>Oh, [? Bronokov in ?]
Russia, Moscow?
Yeah, I don't know
what he does, actually.
>>You mentioned it
in one of your books
that there are psychic
children in Russia.
>>Yeah, I know what
he's doing in his work.
He takes blind children
and teaches them to see.
He takes people who
are totally blind
and teaches them how to read,
watch television, and drive
cars.
It's hard to believe,
but it's true.
>>[INAUDIBLE]
>>And I've been involved with
people that are totally blind.
I mentioned Mary Ann
Schinfield a long time ago.
Mary Ann Schinfield
was completely blind.
She was in her '50s.
But you would never know she was
blind by interacting with her
because she seems
totally normal.
But she actually
has no eyes at all.
And she can see.
NASA has taken her now.
I'll probably never
see her again.
They didn't believe her.
They asked her, where are you?
And she said, well,
I'm actually floating
around the solar system
most of the time.
And I know, I'm sure,
they internally, kind of,
laughed at her.
And then they said, well, if
you're really floating around,
then we want you to go to a
certain satellite up there
and read the serial
number off of it.
And she did.
And that caught their attention.
And so they use her as
eyes to go out and see
because she can go to
Mars or anywhere and just
go right down to
something to look at it,
and tell them what they see.
And she's very good.
And I've been with her.
I spent three or
four months with her
and got to do what
she got to do.
And it was fun.
And I learned a lot from her.
But more recently,
I was with a Navajo
and with one of
the shamans there.
And I took a group into Antelope
Canyon, which on Navajo land.
You have to get
their permission.
And so he took us there.
And he is also a shaman.
And we were there with his
two aunts, I think they were.
These two women that were
a little older than him.
And so he led us
through the canyon.
He gets to the other side.
He tells us all these
stories and things.
He comes in, and he
sings peyote songs to us.
And he takes us outside
on the other end.
And there's a
natural looking snake
that was not carved that points
to the entryway to this place.
And he's showing everything,
where the snake is,
and the eyes, and all
this stuff like that,
and all the group is looking.
And one of the aunts come over.
She's got her arm
around me like this.
And she leans over and
says isn't it amazing.
And I said, what?
What's amazing?
I don't think I want to use
this name either because I
don't have his permission.
But she says her, I
guess, it's their niece.
Is that what it is?
No I, mean nephew.
It's her nephew.
And she says, oh well,
our nephew is blind.
He can't see anything.
But you can't tell.
And so I didn't
know that about him.
Now I know.
But boy can he see internally.
I mean, when we do
shamanistic work,
he is the most visual person
I've ever seen inside.
He can appear to me better
than anybody I've ever seen.
But he has no eyes.
It was funny going back
after she just told me that.
And he's driving
the pickup truck.
[LAUGHING]
And I'm in the back
of his pickup truck.
I got a blind guy driving
over the road there.
[LAUGHTER]
Life is weird.
Maybe that's where
my wife got it.
My wife just stuck something
on the refrigerator
that says life is weird.
>>So when you were
explaining this,
what I heard was that the
Mayans and the other Indians--
>>Kahuna.
>>They're from Hawaii.
>>They do it on their
teenagers when they enter--
>>When they reach puberty, yes.
>>And then, what I heard was
when the psychic children go
into puberty, some of
them do the calcium thing.
>>Some of them grow.
About 80% of them,
at least in China,
grow calcium shields
around their pineal gland.
>>So my question is
the woman just asked
about doing it with children.
So if you do it
prepuberty, is there
something to look out for
when they reach puberty?
>>More than likely, if you
establish this into them
before they reach
puberty, they're
not going to grow a calcium
shield, I'll bet you.
Now it's good for kids.
Well let me take all that
back because I don't know.
They don't do it before puberty.
So maybe you're not supposed to.
>>Because the reason
I'm asking the question
is because I'm
making an assumption
that the psychic kids
are having this going on.
And then, some of them,
well 80%, do the calcium.
That's just an assumption of--
>>Actually, the
children don't have
this going on when they are,
like, five and six years old.
And yet, that's where
they're incredibly psychic.
That's a good question.
I've never really
thought of that.
And I don't know what
the children are doing.
I do know that
what they're doing
is nothing like we adults do.
I mean, just like
in my conversation
with a lot of
these psychic kids,
they're pulling the energy in
through the fourth and fifth
lumbar, and they know it.
Coming in at 90 degrees.
And it goes straight
up the spine.
I don't see that anywhere else.
So maybe they have
some other way
of linking the
brain to the heart.
But once we reach puberty,
we have to do this.
Wow, that just sets up a
whole other thing of research.
I don't remember.
You just gave me a lot of work.
[LAUGHTER]
Excuse me.
Yeah.
Oh, OK.
>>OK, when you're doing
this to someone else,
are you physically or
internally seeing their chakra?
>>Yeah.
>>Or are they seeing it
with the little fuzzies?
>>No, you have to see it.
They don't have to see it.
>>OK, so you have to see it.
>>You're actually
doing it for them.
But if you're doing it
yourself on yourself,
you have to see this going
on inside your own head.
And you can do that.
>>One more question from here.
The same side.
>>Yes.
No, I was trying to figure
out what time is it.
It's--
>>10 to one.
>>10 to one?
>>Can I involve my kids
in the yesterday ceremony
when they come back home?
Is it appropriate for kids to
be involved sitting on the sides
and doing all ohm
and hallelujah?
>>Oh yeah.
Oh that procedure?
>>Yesterday, yeah.
>>Well all I know is that,
in Germany, they've turned it
into a therapy plan in Germany.
And they take families
that are-- the person who
started this who
came to a workshop,
he told me my family is a mess.
And he say's his wife hates him.
One of his sons is trying
to, literally, kill him.
And the whole family
is just a mess.
And so he managed.
I don't know how he did that.
But he managed to get
the family together.
And they did this whole thing.
And afterwards, it completely
changed everything.
They started loving
each other again.
And so he was the one that
went out and started developing
this to help other families.
He figured, probably, any
family I go to is probably not
as bad as mine.
So I think it's,
probably, a good thing.
But I haven't done it
with families personally,
so I don't know.
I don't know if there's any
side effects or I don't know.
>>[INAUDIBLE]
>>Can you speak a little
bit about two [? lost ?]
beams and chin chakra.
>>The chin chakra?
>>And the beam [INAUDIBLE].
>>Well this is, again, if
a person is coming down
from consciousness into a
lower place, it's what I did
and all these
indigo kids that are
here and the super psychic
kids, they're not from here.
They're not human.
They came from other places.
They're human now.
And they were coming down.
Those people arrive here
with this beam here.
But once they get here, and
they established themselves,
and they get into human form,
they switch it over to here
because now they're
going to go back up.
And so the they
need-- well I know
that switch it
because I've looked
at lots of the Inigo kids.
But I do when they
first got here,
this is where it would be.
The heart has 10
beams, not eight.
There's a lot more I
haven't told you about.
There's three of these spheres.
And there's three of these
things around the body.
And we'll talk
about those later.
And you know, you
just try to make
it as complicated as you can.
And you probably won't
even get close to what
the human body does.
So we have to look
at the whole system.
We have to look at
the whole system
to be able to see what it is.
And we're not there yet.
Right now, I'm just
working with one set.
But there is another one
that goes around the heart.
And there's another set that
goes around the genitals.
Actually, it's aimed at the
uterus, the creation process.
And the uterus can be used
in more ways than we know.
So what we'll do is I'm going to
review this one more time just
to take what we do.
And then, we're going to do it.
You'll get about 15 minutes
or so to go through it.
You'll do the whole thing.
See if you can do it.
And then, we'll come after
that and ask questions
because once you
actually do it, you'll
realize what you don't know.
[LAUGHTER]
>>OK, you got the basics here.
OK, but begin with
this beam, number one.
We didn't go to
two left and right.
Then, three.
Third eye.
And then, four, you
don't have to do.
And so the procedure
is, again, you either
can see or sense, or
feel these things.
And it's easier on
yourself sometimes
than it is others
because you're just
going to be reaching up
here right in your own head.
And you grab these things.
If you're not sure,
just use your intuition.
And just do the best you can.
This works on most people, even
if they don't really know how.
It's because of the gland
that we're working with.
This pineal gland is a
pretty interesting thing.
It functions through intention
more than anything else.
So beginning with here, you
will work on this one this one.
That's one, two, and three.
So it's up high on your head.
And you need to find that spot.
And you need to find the
spot back here to begin with.
And you need to know where
this left and right one is.
It's right where
your ears come out.
It's just a little bit higher
and a tiny bit forward.
And if you just aim toward
the center of your head,
you're going to get there.
Remember, the pineal chakra is
in the center of your breathing
tube.
So you're really,
kind of, aiming
for the center of everything.
The pineal gland itself is just
a little bit back from there.
And then, this spot
here is just one.
It goes go up one.
And that's where it is.
This is where your third eye is.
You know, a lot in India,
you see them put the red dot
way down lower.
There is nothing there.
It's not correct.
It's up here.
And later when we start talking
tomorrow or the next day
about reconnecting
the brain, this spot's
going to be very
important because we
are going to show you
exactly how to open
third eye, precisely what to do.
And you have to know
where that spot is.
One of the problems
when people are learning
is that they close their
eyes, and they're trying
to look through the third eye.
But they're still looking
through these eyes.
This is the reason why they
cross their eyes a little bit
to look up because you've got
to get your focus up here, not
down here.
You really do have
two different levels
of where you can see from.
So back to this, you grab
those two fuzzy places.
And I can just about
tell you you're
going to start back here.
And you ask that one to grow.
And you keep getting
it to grow until it's
about as wide as your hand.
Then, you come to
the one in front.
And you get that one about
as wide as your hand.
And then, soon as
your body has created
those beams even
that long, you switch
and you put your hand
chakra right over the top
so you can still do that.
And that's when you close
your eyes and look inside.
Now you can see your own
inner brain in front of you.
You can psychically
see something.
You could even
look inside and see
in front of you what's in
your liver, or your kidneys,
or anything else.
You don't have to be
looking at that thing.
And so you look to find
the pineal chakra first.
See where it is.
And then, see or sense, or feel
these beams that are wiggling
around it.
And with your intention
while you're holding here,
you just keep getting those
beams to connect to that place.
And you got to watch it
because they'll connect,
and they'll break away.
And they'll connect,
And they'll connect.
And you have to hold them there.
Once they're connected,
really use your intention.
Just-- [STRAINING]
No, you can't move.
And then, after
about a minute or so,
you can then feel that
they're connected.
You expand your hands
out, and come out.
It's not your hands that
are really doing it.
It's your intention
that's doing it.
So if you're a little crooked
or something like that,
the body knows
what you're doing.
And so you pull them out.
And then, you have to sense
and feel that pulsing.
And again, on yourself, you can
put your hands and sit on them
and just not even use them.
And you can do it all
just through intention.
And you wait until you
get that pulsing the same.
And then, you count
20 or more pulses.
Literally count them
every time you feel it.
1, 2, 3.
By the way, the
speed of the rate,
which is connected to
your heart, I believe,
isn't important.
At least, not for
what we're doing here.
So if it's going pulse, pulse,
pulse, pulse, pulse, pulse
or pulse, pulse.
Doesn't matter.
Just count the pulses.
And then, once you get 20,
you can drop your hands,
and you go to number two.
You do exactly the same thing.
And then, do to number three.
Do it three times,
and then you're done.
So is there any final
questions that you still
don't understand?
OK, go ahead,
>>When you say you
need to connect them,
they need to connect
to the pineal gland?
Or they need to move energy
between the whole cube?
Like, from back to forth or
through the pineal gland.
>>No, I'm talking about
connecting these beams.
>>One to another
like it becomes--
>>No, they don't
connect to each other.
They connect to
the chakra point.
>>And after they connect, energy
goes through, like, one beam,
or it's not connected?
>>Well the two beams
then become one beam.
But it's polarized.
They function together.
And so you have four male
beams and four female beams.
Same way as on star tetrahedron.
>>And what is the
connection between the line?
It's like--
>>This?
>>Yeah.
>>It connects in
the pineal chakra.
What do you mean between them?
>>If there is any
energetic connection
through all the line.
>>You mean from here to here?
>>Yeah.
>>Yes, they're functioning
as one single unit.
>>OK, thank you.
>>But these other ones are
functioning as one single unit
separately from this
one, as I understand it.
But since they've been described
to me as antenna or antennae,
I guess by their
angles or what, they
reach different frequencies.
I don't know.
What they're put
there bringing-- well
I don't want to
get into that yet.
I don't want to get into the
imagery and how it works yet.
I can hardly see out of here.
I mean, I know you're
there, sort of.
>>My question is, at
the beginning of this,
we're just starting to pull
the tubes away from the head.
And then, we do
this middle work.
And then, we come back
after we've, sort of,
seen these impulses balance out.
And then, you have
us pull it further.
Is there a reason why we're
not just pulling it out
to the halo there?
I don't understand why we
just pull it out a few inches,
and then do this--
>>Oh, you mean why do you do it
first a little bit and then--
>>Right, yes.
>>As I understand, it's to get
the body used to putting out
a large amount of energy.
It's not used to it.
It's been a long time
probably-- thousands of years,
more than likely--
since you've done this.
And the body doesn't know.
In fact, the pineal gland, it's
real function, the pineal gland
should be, from
what I'm being told,
exactly the same size as one
of these eyes and more round.
The pineal gland is an eye,
literally, scientifically.
It is hollow.
It has color receptors
inside of it.
It has a lens on it
for receiving light.
And that is Jacob
Liberman's work with Light:
Medicine of the Future.
And he's one of the
most advanced people
in eyes and light in the world.
But it's entropy down to,
like, a pea or something.
We haven't used it.
I believe that if you start
using it, it's going to grow.
Just like a muscle
or anything else,
it's going to get stronger.
But the thing is the lens
is facing up this way.
It's looking right up the tube.
And it's designed to
receive light from above.
And these eyes are facing at 90
degrees looking out this way.
But it is, literally,
an eyeball.
It has other functions.
But that's one of them.
One of the things that when I
was working with Jacob Liberman
that he showed me, which
was really-- this guy
really knows a lot about this.
But they've tracked exactly
when light goes in the eyes
exactly where it goes and
precisely the whole method.
But right after it
leaves the pineal gland,
it literally, according
to Jacob Liberman,
It goes to every single
cell in the body.
And he says, from the
way that they see it now,
every cell in your body is
looking at exactly what you're
looking at.
And that changes things.
All these guys in here are
looking at what I'm looking at?
[LAUGHTER]
He says the light actually
enters into every single cell.
So I don't know.
But that's what he says.
Yes?
>>One thing that you
mentioned this morning
that I don't think
you just mentioned
now is when you first grab the
fuzzy things at the beginning
that you need to actually
ask them to turn into a beam
before you start
stretching them?
>>Well that's your intention.
>>OK.
>>Your intention is that when
you grab those fuzzy things,
and you hold onto them, and you
put your thumb and first finger
together so that you get
the right size, that's
what you want to do is
get the proper size.
And then, you tell
it to go into a beam.
It'll do that instantly.
>>Oh, OK.
>>There's no problem
with the body doing that.
The only thing is that, once
you do that, then you have
to pull it and get it stronger.
And that's where you may see
some resistance from your body.
Once you've done it
one time, and then you
go to do it with these, the
body goes, OK, I got it.
And it'll go a lot faster.
But the time you do the third
one, it'll go-- [ZIP] You know,
it'll really fast
because now it knows
what you're talking about.
But it may not agree
with you, meaning
that it seems to me
that the body just
has a hard time believing it
that the source of the body,
which we're like
God to the body,
wants that much energy to come
out because it isn't done it
in so long.
But it learns.
And then after awhile,
it gets used to it.
And there's not a problem.
OK, any other questions?
>>Yeah.
>>Oh, OK.
So the negative side,
which is the left side,
goes to the positive
side of the tube.
It works that way.
>>Just think of it
as male and female.
And is the positive side,
could that be weaker
than the negative side?
>>Yes, it can be.
Well definitely,
like, when you're
going left and right
side, you never
know which side's
going to be stronger
because some people
focus more on one side
of the brain than the other.
>>I see.
So how do you detect it?
You just pick one?
>>Well if you're
sensitive, you can feel it.
If you can't feel it,
then, yeah, pick one.
>>OK, thank you.
>>If you don't know which ones
weaker, just start with one.
No, that's it?
>>Is everyone's
left hand negative?
>>OK, then let's just do this.
Let's practice it.
Do the best you can.
Don't worry if you're
going to fail or not.
Or who cares.
I mean, just go for it.
Getting hot under these lights.
Just go for it, and
do the best you can.
And then, you will see
where your weaknesses are
and what you know
and don't know.
We'll have another discussion.
I'm going to give you 15
minutes because that's usually
plenty enough time
to do this one time.
And then, we'll have another
discussion after that.
So you ready?
Go.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
Well most of you are done.
But some you are still working.
So keep working.
I'm not sure the levels that
you're at because some of them
are on the side.
At any rate, just keep working.
And I'm going to ask if
anybody has questions.
Something you didn't
understand that you discovered
when you were trying to do it.
So at least you could
feel the pulsing.
Some people can't
>>Do you have to see the pineal
gland or can you just sense it?
>>No, you can see it, sense
it, or feel it always.
Sometimes I'll just
say see something.
But I always mean you can
see it, sense it, or feel it.
>>So you just
sense these things.
>>Yeah.
>>OK.
>>In fact, now
that I've told you
how to do this in a
male way, the females
could just to sit there
and just say do it.
And it'll work, depending
on how much in touch
they are where their female way.
But the other thing
is too is that you'll
discover after you get used to
this more-- after a week or two
or so you'll get used to
it-- and you'll probably
find that certain negative
emotions, like rage, things
like this where you get really
mad, or upset, or really even
really depressed or the
different things that can cause
these things, even
though they're working,
they might go off their
axis a little bit.
It gets stronger over
time but in the beginning.
And to fix it, you
just close your eyes,
and you see the whole
thing, and just say fix it.
You know, you just say go back.
And everything goes.
Takes like one second.
It really responds to
the intention like crazy.
But definitely every time
you're about to do a healing
in someone when we get
all the way through this
and you see what
these are and you're
working with somebody
else, or you're
going to do something
psychically or any
of those kinds of
levels, you just
want to take one second to feel
the flow through your Merkaba
and one second see
that all of this
is perfect before
you begin because it
does you can get knocked off.
You can get slightly moved.
And just by the intention of
saying do that, it happens.
I can't see.
Whoever's doing this--
>>My question is that I feel
that [INAUDIBLE] frequencies
two times slow than heartbeat.
Do you understand my question?
>>Yes, I do.
So that's what you're
feeling is heartbeat
is twice as fast then, right?
>>Yeah.
>>Exactly?
>>Well maybe it's in over
tone of it then or something.
>>It's OK, no.
>>But it's tied to it, I think.
I haven't done this
work because it's not
essential for what I'm doing
right now to know if it's
linked to the heartbeat or not.
If I come to a place
where I need to know that,
then I have to sit down,
and do all the work,
and find out for sure.
But right now, I don't really
care because it doesn't really
make any difference
in the bigger picture
whether it's tied
to the heartbeat,
or certain biorhythms,
or something else.
But what I know for
certain, it's not even
a matter of doubt, is that
this whole thing is intimately
connected to the heart in the
sacred place of the heart.
When we lay out
the whole pattern,
we're going to show
you the whole mapping
before you get out of this.
You'll understand how
when an image is created
exactly where it goes, how
it goes, where it goes,
what it does, and how it gets
out into this world out here.
You'll know the whole thing
before you get out of here.
I don't know who's next.
Olivia, she's just
handing it to people.
Oh, the pulsing.
>>[INAUDIBLE]?
>>Yeah, what happens is you'll
discover after a little while
that the pulsing that's
on all these things
are all simultaneously.
They'll eventually become
all simultaneously.
And when the sphere appears, the
whole sphere will be pulsing.
>>When I activated it
and it all connected,
it felt like I had
a hat on my head.
>>Yeah, it does kind
of feel like a hat.
>>And then, the pulsing, the
first one turned on at 24,
the second at 16,
and the third at 24.
And then, the pulsing itself
is an exact synchronicity
with my heartbeat.
My heart is beating at
the same as this pulsing.
>>Yeah, I think it is.
>>My third eye was
also pulsing, which--
>>Well yeah, that third eye is
the generator of this pulse.
>>I just want make sure I
have the order of steps right.
So you do the short
stem as it were.
And then, you connect
it to the pineal chakra.
Is that correct?
>>Yeah.
You start here.
Get the shorter of the two.
Get them so they're both same.
>>[INAUDIBLE] to palm length.
>>Mm hm.
>>And then, connect
to the pineal chakra.
And then, you make
them the proper length.
And then, you fix the pulsing?
>>Yeah, that's right.
>>OK.
And is there any
amount of time you
have to hold any
one of those steps
for a certain amount of time?
Like another pulsing, you have
to wait for 20 or 25 pulses.
For any of the
three sets before,
do you have to wait any set
amount of time for it to hold?
>>Oh, to hold?
Set it on a timer?
>>No, do you have to, like,
after you've made one of them
palm length, you have to wait
for a certain amount of time?
Like, do you have
to wait a minute?
Or can you just
go on to the next?
>>Oh no, you can
go immediately on.
You don't have to wait.
As soon as you do it, instantly,
you can go to the next one.
>>OK.
And then, for the last one,
you wait for 20 pulses or so.
>>Yeah.
I mean, each one, you have
to wait till your 20 pulses.
But after 20, after
you've done the pulsing,
you can drop and immediately
go to the next one
soon as you're done.
And I just recommend you do
this once a day for the next two
weeks.
In two weeks, this should
become more familiar.
And it's also more
familiar for your body.
But in itself, it
doesn't do much.
Just same like with the Merkaba.
In itself, the Merkaba
doesn't do much.
But when you hook the Merkaba
and this to the heart,
then you're really
talking about something
that is the most powerful
thing in the universe.
There's nothing more
powerful than this.
If it is, I don't
know what it is.
It's so powerful,
I can't see it.
[LAUGHTER]
>>Just a little clarification.
When you've done the first
stretch to palm width
and then you move
to your chakras
and you're working
on the wiggles,
are you back on the head?
Or are you at the end of the
tube where you stretched it to?
>>Oh, OK You grab the beams.
Get them both so
they're both that way.
Connect the beams inside.
Pull them out.
And then, get the pulsing.
>>But when you're working on
the wiggles inside the head--
>>Oh, inside, yes.
>>Are your hands at the
end of the tube that you
just stretched?
>>No, that's when your
hands are on the head.
>>They're on the head.
OK, I didn't get that.
>>They're on the head itself.
>>Thank you.
>>I really want to get this
clear because a few months
from now, you're going to
realize how important this is.
And you may want to
help other people.
>>So [INAUDIBLE]?
>>Yeah, you want to
actually hold the head.
Your chakra here is the same
size as these down here.
And it's right here in the palm.
This is a really powerful
chakra in your hands
and your feet, too.
>>So while it's coming
out up to the circle,
its going through [INAUDIBLE]?
>>Yeah, you have a cone
coming out both sides.
Oh, you mean the beam?
Oh yeah, the beam is sticking
right through your hand.
>>[INAUDIBLE]
>>Yeah, at the very end,
your intention, you pull out.
You go past, and
it'll go to the point
where the beam is already out.
And then, as your hand
goes out, the beam
will just follow
right behind it.
>>Oh, so my hand
goes out with it.
>>Yeah.
As you do this, go in,
get the beams connected,
then the beams are
out a little ways.
But as you pull it out
and you go past here,
they'll just follow you.
And when they get to this
exact geographical location
of this sphere, they will stop.
And then, your hands
might go farther.
Your hands could go
that much farther.
It doesn't matter.
But the beam will stop precisely
where that sphere will be.
Sphere's not there yet.
>>What's it called [INAUDIBLE]?
Does it have a name?
>>Oh, I'm sure the Tibetans
have a name for it.
And maybe the Mayans do too.
I don't know.
But I just called them
the beams of light.
And my job is to
translate everything
from the ancient levels into
modern day context's so we
could make sense of it
because a lot of the stuff,
you say samadhi, it doesn't
make sense to people.
They don't really
know what that means.
Yeah.
>>My question is could you
just summarize one more time
for us--
>>Yeah, sure.
>>--the brief steps.
And one thing I became
unclear about when
I went to the pineal
chakra was did
I look for all those
squigglies at the same time
or just the squigglies
on the beam?
>>No, you eliminate all
squigglies or wigglies,
except for the ones
you're working with.
And that's intention, too.
Intention does that.
And you can do it in
science, just like Bob
with that little thing
I was talking about,
his device that he can see into.
We would take a bowl of
pennies, three pennies in it,
and shake it.
And just the pennies
when they hit each other,
the molecules would vibrate like
crazy and produce microwaves.
And you can see it on
the computer screen
when you did that.
And so one of his demonstrations
was he would take,
basically, a photograph
but it's more than that.
A photograph of a
bowl pennies, which
would go all the way to
the most distant stars as
far back as forever.
And the whole thing
was picked on there.
And then, he would
take everything other
than the bowl and the
pennies, and erase it.
He can now track that bowl
anywhere in the world.
And he was demonstrating this.
It was so cool.
I mean, he could take the
bowl of the three pennies
and have somebody walk two miles
away, and hide behind a rock.
And then, at a certain time
you say OK, now, and shake him,
and you would see
it on the screen.
Literally, you can
go over the horizon.
You can even get the
entire earth between you.
That much mass and
still pick them up
on the other side of the earth.
You can't lose them because
he'll erase everything else
and it isn't there.
And so you're doing a
similar kind of thing.
You're going to erase everything
else that's going on here
and only look at those.
And so you won't see these.
>>OK.
>>You won't even
know they're there.
You'll only see just the two.
>>So you only deal with those
when you come to that beam.
>>Yeah, just the
ones with that beam.
Forget about all
the other beams.
Just one at the time.
And only see those.
Otherwise, it would
be really hard.
There's so many little
wiggly worms in there.
>>Yeah, that's what
I was thinking.
>>Yeah, two of them is enough.
So how many people could
feel when they would connect?
Can you feel when they connect?
It's almost like--
[BOOM] You can feel them
when they connect.
And then, they freak out.
And they won't break apart.
And you have to do it several
times before they feel
like they're safe or something.
I don't know what it is.
I don't really
understand it exactly.
Anymore questions on this?
And then, we'll go on
to another subject.
>>Hi.
I heard that fluoride
calcifies the pineal gland.
>>So you think that
fluoride is the reason why
this calcium is building up?
>>Yes, that's what I
heard, [INAUDIBLE].
>>I know, it's a bad thing.
Fluorine and chlorine.
It's amazing they put
two poisons in our water.
Chlorine is really bad, too.
They're both really bad.
I don't use fluoride anything.
And I don't drink chloride
ever, if I can help it.
Actually, the United Nations
has put-- exactly where
it's coming from-- the United
Nations is determined to reduce
the population of the world.
They started with AIDS.
They created AIDS.
I could prove it in court.
They started AIDS.
And Dr. Strecker, probably old
AIDS patients, if they're still
alive, would remember him.
And he shows how exactly
they took the retro
virus from a sheep and a cow
and blended them together.
He went on a because he
was one of the team members
that did it.
And they went through
the whole thing
and showed exactly
the whole formula
exactly how they created AIDS.
And then, he announced
on that video
that they had the cure also.
And at that time,
he then shows up
the letter from
the United Nations
showing that because
of overpopulation
and what it means and
you can understand
that there's been many computer
models on overpopulation.
But they all end up,
basically, the same.
It's just a matter of how
many people we get to.
Most of them break down
completely at about 12 billion.
Now we're rethinking
a lot of this
because we're just
approaching seven billion,
and we're starting
to break down.
But then, after that,
all life on earth dies.
Everything.
We kill the planet
by our activity.
And so the United
Nations has declared,
well, we can't do this.
And so they are attempting
to reduce the population.
That piece of paper
that Dr. Striker showed,
which was from the actual United
Nations stating all of this and
signed by them.
They wanted to reduce
the population by 75%.
They've changed that now.
So now they want to
reduce it by 90%.
And that's your intention.
And so they're doing
all kinds of things
to reduce the population.
And one of them is they
change the chlorine
that goes in the water.
And I got this straight
from certain members
of the secret government.
I don't know why
they told me this.
But I had it verified by
certain chemists in Japan.
And it blew their minds, too.
The chlorine molecule, it
has one extra atom on it.
And that one extra atom
causes Alzheimer's disease.
Only, it's not a normal one.
It goes normal for a while.
And then, it accelerates
500 times faster
and kills the person.
And we have an epidemic of
that in the world right now.
And it's from the water we're
drinking and the chlorine.
We're coming to a
point here pretty soon
when just massive
amounts of people
are going to die from this.
And that's what they want to do.
They want to get rid of as
much as possible in order
to save the world.
And even like the AIDS
virus, they already
have the cure for it.
It's a light.
I have it, too.
We have a light that you can
shine it on AIDS and it's gone.
They don't have it anymore.
But the government
took it from us.
We still know how to make it.
It's pretty simple.
Well it's not actually simple.
It's pretty complex, actually.
But we had a light that would
cure every single disease
in the world within
two minutes, usually.
And they took all
that stuff from us.
They're trying to
reduce the population.
They don't want
it to grow faster.